OCC-3: Fix linux-specific problems in Lombiq.Analyzers. (#53)
Lombiq/.NET-Analyzers: Docs/ConfiguringAnalyzers.md

### Overriding analyzer configuration from a ruleset file

> 1. Create your own ruleset file, similar to this project's *general.ruleset* file. Make sure the file name is all lower-case, becuase if you edit it in Visual Studio it will be converted any way and that could cause problems in Unix-like systems. Add any rule configurations there that you want to override. Also, include this project's *general.ruleset* file as a child, allowing its rules to be available by default. So you'll have something like this (rules included only as examples):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create your own ruleset file, similar to this project's *general.ruleset* file. Make sure the file name is all lower-case, because if you edit it in Visual Studio it will be converted anyway and that could cause problems on Unix-like systems. Add any rule configurations there that you want to override. Also, include this project's *general.ruleset* file as a child, allowing its rules to be available by default. In the end you should have something like this (the included rules only serve as an example):
```

> 2. In the `Directory.Build.props` file of your solution add a reference to your own ruleset file, overriding the default:

Reviewer: For consistency:
```suggestion
2. In the *Directory.Build.props* file of your solution add a reference to your own ruleset file, overriding the default:
```

    ```xml
    <PropertyGroup>
      <CodeAnalysisRuleSet>$(MSBuildThisFileDirectory)my.ruleset</CodeAnalysisRuleSet>
    </PropertyGroup>
    ```

> 3. Now every rule you defined in *my.ruleset* will take precedence over the default ones. For everything else the default ones will be applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Now every rule you've defined in *my.ruleset* will take precedence over the default ones. For everything else, the default ones will be applied.
```
